Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
Kevin: My name is Kevin
Al: And we are here today to talk about animal crossing
Kevin: Yeah, contractually obligated. That's why I'm here
Al: We had a we had a vague
Al: Episode idea for this episode and then the animal crossing news drops and I was like oh, I think this is our episode
Kevin: Never mind. Let's make a two hour episode out of a 12 minute trailer. Yeah
Al: I hope not two hours. I want to go to bed before two hours time
Al: So yeah, we're gonna talk about that's gonna be our main topic
Al: So when we're going through the news don't be confused that we're not talking about animal crossing because we're gonna do all that at the end after all the other news
Kevin: because it's really just news, but one news that demands our attention.
Al: It's news there's not there's so much news
Al: But we're gonna talk about that specifically
Al: Before that we have I know what you released last month
Kevin: Oh, I have been up to, well, I mean, spoil alert for the new section.
Al: Uh, but first of all, Kevin.
Kevin: Let's build the zoo, we had an update and I saw that and I thought, hey, I like that
Kevin: game.
Kevin: I'll start a new zoo.
Kevin: So I started in a zoo.
Al: Let's build a zoom. We're like, let's wear a hat.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I haven't reached that yet.
Al: Violers.
Kevin: Yeah, we'll get to that.
Kevin: We'll get to that.
Kevin: I've been playing Digimon.
Kevin: Yeah, at least.
Kevin: I'm just grinding filling out the decks and doing stuff, I'm enjoying it, but it is a grind fest, it's an enjoyable grind fest.
Kevin: But yeah, this is Digimon.
Kevin: Oh, and mostly just screaming about Kirby air writers, not game wise, I'm not playing it, but I'm just screaming about it, because that direct came out and I'm happy.
Al: Wait, is that already? I thought it was still on, no, yeah.
Kevin: No, it's not out, I'm just saying the direct, the second direct for Kirby air writers.
Al: Oh, did she say, "You're not playing it?" And I'm like, "Well, yeah, obviously, it's not, yeah."
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why I'm not playing exactly, but it's close, it's so close, I'm scared, we're going to be in a post Kirby air writers world.
Kevin: Okay, what about you? What's going on speaking of things
Al: Pokemon! I have been playing the Pokemon I'm continuing I'm not like
Kevin: I'm not playing?
Al: playing it super fast because you know life. Life gets in the way but I have
Al: been playing I'm progressing through the story I'm continuing to do my
Al: side quest and catch all the Pokemon as I go.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. How far are you?
Al: It's hard to know because I've not really looked at the, so I think I'm on main quest 20, but I don't know how many main quests there are.
Kevin: Oh, okay, I don't know that either.
Al: So I'm not, yeah, I'm trying not to like, super spoil myself. I have spoiled myself on the mega that we'd most interest me.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Oh, I want to know what that is
Al: Oh, I mean, I think you know what it would be.
Kevin: Oh, wait. Oh, yeah, of course. I know what it is. Oh, yes. I do know well, okay
Al: I've been trying not to have the mega spoiled for me, but that one seems to be just everywhere.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Okay, well, I mean it okay. Just is it thumbs up or thumbs down? Let's just say that what is it for you?
Al: from what I've seen thumbs up but obviously I've not seen, I've not actually used it,
Kevin: Okay
Al: I've not like seen it in my actual game, I've not like seen how it's introduced to you and
Kevin: Yeah
Al: like I'm seeing the lead up to it but I've not actually experienced it myself yet.
Kevin: Yeah, I think it looks cool. It's thumbs up. I mean, I still like the I
Kevin: Like the other parts too, but that's all right. There's another part. I like more you know what I mean
Al: This conversation is so vague as to be pointless now.
Kevin: Yeah, but you know what I'm talking about though, probably
Al: I don't think I do.
Al: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, fair enough.
Kevin: I like that Pokemon a lot too
Kevin: I'll say that okay, that's what I mean, okay, yes
Al: I know what you mean, I know what you mean.
Kevin: Yes, yeah
Kevin: Okay
Al: So yeah, I am enjoying the game.
Kevin: The good good for you. I haven't played it yet. I want to it looks good
Kevin: There's come I already have complaints going in, but I like it nonetheless. It looks fun
Al: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I totally understand people's complaints about the game. I don't think it feels
Al: kind of incomplete myself. I feel like it's kind of giving me a complete enough story that I feel
Al: you know, whatever. I don't particularly care about the lack of 3D balconies, right? Like it's
Al: just not something I care about. I understand why some people do. But I mean, realistically, you
Al: have to be an um.
Al: you know, very specific angle to actually even notice that I'm not really looking up at the buildings at that sort of angle. So I don't really care. Again, I'm not saying that anyone that cares is wrong. I just personally don't care.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, it's it yeah, like, I mean, that's such a smallish complaint. It's it's really a symptom of the bigger problem of
Kevin: the cheap feel of a lot of it. And I think that's that's the underlying issue, which I think is very valid
Kevin: But I see that haven't played it, but at the same time
Al: Sure.
Kevin: I'm like you know Pokemon fans they were plenty cheap or economical before but that was on you know GBA and DS so didn't you didn't feel it as much
Kevin: But you know it's the good parts are still good. What can I say, right?
Al: Let's put it this way. I said this in the last episode, but I'm not sure if you've heard it or not,
Al: but I am just, I'm glad that we are back to the conversations of the graphics are bad,
Al: rather than the performance is bad. It's, it's much better situation to be in, because like with the,
Kevin: Yeah, oh, for sure.
Al: with the graphics, I'm just like, eh, I don't really care, right? Like, I, I, I, I'm just to point this
Al: out. I know that if we got a better looking game, I would probably enjoy the
Al: more. I'm not saying I wouldn't, but it's not the same as the graphics ruin the game for me,
Kevin: Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah, you're. Yeah, you're right.
Al: they definitely do not. However, bad performance ruins the game for everyone, right? Like,
Al: there's very few people who can be like watching the jittery nonsense and all that
Al: horrificness of the, of scarlet and violet and, and not have it ruin some of the experience for them.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: You're yeah, you're super right at least the baseline of the game works has been met that is appreciated
Al: Yeah, absolutely.
Al: Even on even on switch one, I'm not really hearing anybody complain about it.
Kevin: Oh, I heard it's bad. I don't know, but I've heard it's bad on switch one, but
Al: Okay.
Kevin: The hearsay complete hearsay
Al: I have heard from people actually playing on it that I know you're like in, you know, in chats that we're in who have said that it's perfectly fine on switch.
Al: I don't know because I'm not playing on switch, but I'm playing on switch too. So there we are.
Kevin: Well, there you go. Pokemon. It's good again mostly
Al: Depends that you ask.
Al: But at least we're in that situation where it depends that you ask rather than it just being universally terrible to run.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: All right. Kevin, I know what you released last month.
Kevin: Do you what did I release?
Al: Last month October, because whenever in November in October, we have three game releases, a small, a short month, a small number of releases for month.
Al: Little Rocket Lab, ILA, a Frosty Glade, and Harvest Moon Home Suite Home Special Edition. That's the Consulance.
Kevin: Okay, little rocket lab, I remember, and I'm somewhat intrigued by home sweet home, of course,
Kevin: this is the hardest one, so we know what is EY, I don't remember.
Al: um it was uh it's a broom guide a broom riding game
Kevin: of the the new genre of meekalikes. I don't know. Oh, um, that, uh, kiki,
Al: are the mekelegs or are the thing me what's what was that what was the studio ghibli film
Al: yeah are they kiki likes
Kevin: delete research. They're kiki likes. Yeah, you're right, kiki souls.
Al: are you gonna get any of these ones?
Kevin: Uh, I like said rocket lab probably. Eli, uh, I don't know how to see because
Kevin: like as fun as the boom writing is I can that it can only go so far. You know, um,
Kevin: like I got a good bit of mika. Can I do another round of that? Uh, maybe it depends if it interests me. Um,
Kevin: yeah, that is just broom platform. I'm looking at it now. Um, yeah. Be good. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Yes, it looks much more platformy than Mika did, so yeah, interesting.
Kevin: So I don't know, but, uh, at least, uh, I can say a little rocket lab does my attention.
Kevin: So, make it better.
Kevin: So, point.
Al: No, no harvismen. No.
Al: And I'm pretty sure I have Eila because I kickstarted it.
Al: So I'll probably play it at some point but
Al: Little Rocket Lab, yeah, I'm intrigued by but I don't know if I will
Al: Actually end up playing it
Al: But it intrigues me and obviously I'm not gonna buy harvism in home sweet home again. No. Thank you
Kevin: But the content...
Al: I got my fail. I got my fail and I enjoyed it, but we're done. We're done. They're content
Al: No, it's not $40 worth of content
Kevin: Oh, good times.
Al: Now if they were bringing the update to mobile that I would do
Kevin: Ooh, really, huh?
Al: All right, let's talk about the news first up as a
Al: alluded to in an earlier section of this podcast.
Al: Let's build a zoo have released their hats update it is out now and I think it's safe to say that it's kind of obvious what's in this update.
Kevin: Yeah, so first off, they announced this update like over a year ago, I believe there's 2024. Yeah.
Al: Oh, did it.
Kevin: And I mean, like, okay, they're working on a new game. So obviously, like, let's build the zoo and get like front and center.
Kevin: But for hats, you know, I would expect it a little sooner, you know, that's just it. But, but it's, it's fine.
Kevin: I think it's really just that.
Kevin: There's a few other things, but you can put how there's a hat factory.
Kevin: You can make hats to sell or put them on your animals.
Kevin: And then your your capy bearer has a pirate hat or the lion with the bunny ears or the football helmet.
Kevin: Oh, there's some bro.
Kevin: There's a lot of hats.
Al: Or your llama has antlers.
Al: Your bear can have a graduation cap.
Kevin: Walrus with the gladiator helmet.
Al: Hepo with a tall top hat.
Kevin: That's a very tall top hat.
Kevin: Halo, Halo before the people think they're dead before they actually are dead.
Kevin: Um, yeah, it's all cosmetic and it's like, yeah.
Al: Well, they've also added the screenshot tool that allows you to screenshot your entire zoo at once, which is a nice feature
Kevin: which it, it is cool. It's a little
Kevin: hard to see, like, you know, just the screen shot. Like, there's a lot of detail in there, right? You have to really zoom into, to get the full view of the zoo. But man, that's such a nice zoo that uses an example. Why can't my zoo would be able to be that good? I still have to figure out to make it look nice, but yeah, screenshot the whole zoo. That is cool. And yeah, and then a few other decor for in honor of the new game. Let's build the dungeon.
Kevin: which is just, again, all day course stuff. So nothing really new mechanically. All, all cosmetic stuff. Some fixes, etc, etc. And hey, let's build the dungeon. They're working on that. I'm looking forward to that. I enjoy this game.
Al: Next, we have Chronomon, which is a monster-catching farming game.
Al: They have announced that their 1.0 is coming soon.
Kevin: I mean let me see which one this is this isn't the the Shawn young one it's what it is on
Al: No. This is a different one. Presumably, time-based, because chrono, one.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: It's gonna be some time mechanics.
Kevin: Okay, I'm just rewatching the trail because I forgot like I remember the name, but I just don't remember the monsters are helping farm
Kevin: So the the the basic lit missed test has been passed in my opinion
Al: - Yeah, what an original idea.
Kevin: Look
Kevin: Look you think but a lot of people struggle with it for some reason
Kevin: Like I'm sorry, but oh
Kevin: I'm excited the mom. Yeah, it's pixel art. It's some of the monster designs themselves are fun. There's like a little goo guy
Kevin: I don't know, let's see
Al: the the graphics feel kind of snaeze like because it doesn't it doesn't look GBA it doesn't look DS
Kevin: Kind of
Kevin: No, no
Al: it looks almost in between them and it feels kind of snazzy
Kevin: Yeah, like, kind of like, uh, it feels like an earthbound almost with more colors, maybe, something about there.
Al: yeah well yeah yeah it's definitely not nazzy it's more more colorful than
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Oh, man, there's like skill trees. There's a lot in this.
Kevin: Okay, I'm excited. I will try this. Obviously, I have a penchant for monster collectors and farming and one where they can help
Kevin: farm. That's, that's all I ask for people. Do we give a date?
Al: No, they don't have a specific date. It's just coming soon.
Kevin: No, that means nothing. Yeah.
Al: Very likely this year, and sooner rather than later, whatever that means.
Kevin: they say, but we'll see eggs days, they confirmed Xbox is consular first console. They believe
Kevin: in the trailer, they said they're aiming for like all consoles, but Xbox is first, I guess.
Kevin: Yeah, and then there's stuff they're working on ahead, they want online multiplayer
Al: which makes sense if you're using the Microsoft dev tools.
Al: It's very easy to then click the button.
Kevin: co-op, and they said that one is very
Kevin: reasonable for money saying so that sounds very doable relationships we don't we we don't have to that it's really okay it's okay my dude we don't have to that one and then story expansions and map expansions because of course um okay yeah that sounds like a solid plan I'm excited I like
Al: [laughter]
Al: Next we have cattle country, the family life update is out now, um, marriage and kids has been added.
Kevin: because we're cottage corn and we do that, we gotta always, okay, let's see, I will say it's,
Al: Gotta gotta have it.
Kevin: you'll usually see the marriage and then the kids later, so you know adding one that's nice I guess.
Kevin: I don't like, okay, so one thing I would say hey, it would be nice if you can do stuff with your spouse last child or whatever, right?
Kevin: And you can basically just command them and do, you know, pick crops, collect stuff or, or, or just wander, which is something I guess, but still feels a little weird because you're just commanding them.
Kevin: It's not exactly how you think.
Al: Yeah, I feel like they could probably do it a little bit better, but I do like the idea of
Al: your marriage actually meaning something rather than just being, "Oh, this person now lives on
Al: your farm rather than on their house." And especially better than the Cordle Island we have.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: They are now an empty husk of a person.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, do you think you think stardew? Well, we'll get a little better at that
Al: Yeah, I mean, I never feel like stardew ruined a person when you married them and I kind of like
Kevin: Yeah, for sure
Al: how they kind of got a little area of your house and your farm. And the water, like they fill
Kevin: You know what you're right. I forget about that part you expand and then like you get there. They get that little here. You're right
Al: up the water of your pet, which is nice. I mean, a completely unimportant thing, right? It doesn't
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: Yeah
Al: actually change anything and before people get it, you know, obviously you should give
Al: water to your pets, I'm talking about in the game, people really get really get
Al: annoyed when I talk about this. But realistically, giving your pet water in the
Al: game makes no difference mechanically. So it's a nice little thing that you can
Al: kind of will world building thing that but not actually affecting the
Al: gameplay at all. But yeah, I mean, it would maybe nice if you could give them
Al: something to do like this.
Kevin: Yeah, but but you I'm okay. Well, I'm going back to cattle country. You're right. It is a step in the right direction at least, right?
Kevin: Okay. A little something after the marriage in this family. And I, I wonder if you can, like, if you have the child and the spouse, can you ask them both to do something that would be kind of cool actually.
Al: I'm guessing.
Kevin: That's the case. Yeah, you know, and that's that's pretty all right. Actually, at least just mechanically. Um, but, uh, but yeah.
Kevin: that um wait that they...
Kevin: at a tarot reading what does that how what does that what you know just going down the updates um
Al: Yeah, it might be like a lock based thing, like it's starchy when you can you can increase your
Kevin: pumpkin carving yeah I just getting your fortune read yeah I guess so
Al: lock or decrease your lock depending on something. Alright, next we have Firefly Village,
Al: the item stacking update. Can you guess what features in this update?
Kevin: hahaha, is it maybe stacking items? Wow!
Al: Correct. This was a thing that annoyed me about this game is the each item in your inventory
Al: could be one item, and it was so easy to fill up all of your storage.
Al: Imagine that, when they were younger, they played farming games with less quality of
Kevin: Oh my gosh.
Al: life improvements. Then we have now. And now that they've played the quality of life improvement,
Al: they know that that was a huge quality of life improvement, and maybe there's a reason that
Al: Every farming game has it now.
Kevin: [Laughs]
Al: I get it. I, I totally get it. Like some things I can see why you would argue like this is a feature. It's an important thing that I want to keep blah, blah, blah, but like come on, stack item stacking. Yeah, this was the right. This was the right.
Kevin: Can you imagine?
Kevin: Can you imagine concerned ape, you know, years ago being like, why would you guys want more than two item inventory slots?
Kevin: [Laughter]
Al: Oh, I absolutely hated playing that harvest min game. I don't know whether I would have hated it if we'd played it at the first time, but like all
Kevin: Okay, well, good that stacking, you know, that's fine.
Kevin: Even as me, someone who has people have heard on the
Kevin: show and may hear again, complains about things changing, and what they once were, you know what's
Kevin: taken, that's a good one, you can have that. That's okay. Ah, the weird bugs.
Al: They've also, because we always love a little weird bug fix, fixed an issue where players could sometimes slide unexpectedly during the start of date scenes in the grove.
Kevin: That's good, that's good, I like that, that's a good one.
Al: Guess they were a bit anxious.
Kevin: Just eating yourself out of there, nope.
Al: Yeah. So there we go. Another update from Firefly Village. There's quite a few small updates
Al: they've done since they released. So it's interesting. I'm definitely not going to go and
Al: play the game just for this update because it doesn't add anything if you're 100%.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? Actually, let me transition off. I want to go back to
Al: But you know, just making the game slightly better.
Kevin: California. I skipped over some of those other updates. There's new farm layouts on my game. Did you
Al: Oh, nice. I missed that.
Kevin: see that? That's good. You can sit on stuff building upgrades. Okay. And I start. Yeah. Kind of
Al: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: coming. That's good. Lots of little updates. Yeah.
Al: I think more, I think more farming games need to do that.
Al: We, I think I talked about that a while ago.
Al: This might be the first time I've seen a game other than Stardew do the different
Kevin: Mm. You're right. It is. It does. I agree. Like, mmm.
Al: farm layouts and I don't understand why more haven't done it because that's
Al: a really good feature of Stardew.
Al: I love it makes it makes you want to replay it.
Al: Every time I reduce Stardew, I do a different farm layout because
Al: not done them all yet and it's interesting.
Al: It makes a different challenge and more, I like it.
Al: More games should do that, please.
Kevin: Yeah, Firefly, you should do that too. Maybe I will play then. Maybe not.
Al: I would, yeah.
Al: Yeah, if there was something, if something fundamental, I'd cry, because I mean,
Al: the game didn't take a humongous amount of time to finish.
Kevin: Yeah, Dokod.
Al: Next we have Sugar Jew Island.
Al: My favorite game ever sarcasm.
Al: They've released a Halloween costume DLC.
Al: so you can pay
Al: one dollar and get Halloween costume it's one costume
Kevin: Okay, just one.
Al: Gothic outfit it's I mean it's Wednesday Adams, right? That's the outfit
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Yeah, oh yeah, it is, I just went there, hello.
Al: So
Kevin: There you go, game is saved.
Al: The game is still bad
Al: This is bizarre. I don't okay. They yeah, whatever
Al: Do you want this is a bizarre game. This is a bizarre DLC added to a bizarre game
Kevin: Okay, okay, you know you said it, but I'm just I'm just thinking now of Adam's family farming game. That'd be sick
Al: I think the best character to play as in that game would be things.
Kevin: I'd love that that'd be awesome
Kevin: Yeah, you're super right. Oh, like I default to Uncle Fester, but no, I think is absolutely the one to go. Oh
Al: But I also think just like thematically, he would make the most sense.
Kevin: Yeah, because he does so much, you're
Al: Does so much that like, why would, why would any of the others be like, you know,
Kevin: Yeah
Al: tilling the land and like, come on, exactly. And, and, and Kevin, it would make it almost impossible.
Kevin: Yeah, no thing is the one who gets gets stuff done in that family
Kevin: Sorry, Lurch, I'm sure you'd want to, but you're a little...
Kevin: a little sluggish there, buddy. Yes.
Kevin: I mean, I don't know how you could conceive of an Adam's family farming
Kevin: game and try to fit romance. I don't want to think about that, how you'd want.
Al: You know they would try unless your character was thing.
Kevin: Thank you. Yeah. Well, I mean, if they work cowards maybe.
Kevin: The... the...
Al: But yeah, you know, it was all right.
Al: We've got the date and time for the wholesome snack
Al: in the 9th of December at 3 p.m. Eastern time
Al: in the US, 12 p.m. Pacific time,
Kevin: Cool, a new harvest season episode has just been around.
Al: which is 8 p.a. while yeah, 8 p.m. UTC.
Al: So there you go, a good time for me.
Kevin: I hope there's good things in this thing.
Al: I'm sure there will be. Is that a Saturday? It is a Tuesday. Oh, goodness.
Al: Oh, no, I'm going to have to do that thing. I did a few years ago where me and Cody watched it
Al: and recorded an episode straight away and then I edited it through the night and posted it the
Kevin: Hm, you lunatic first. Oh my gosh, you're gonna do that. You crazy first. Can you at least delay? Okay, you know, no, do what you want. You know, the frantic energy
Al: next day. Of course I'm going to do that. No, I'm not delaying the podcast. Are you mad?
Kevin: But you know what now I take it back the the essays do at 9 a.m. Tomorrow at energy. That's it. That's a good energy to bring I
Kevin: Like it. I'm down with that
Al: All right, I did to my list.
Kevin: There we go
Kevin: I mean, we have to. It's our... Do we actually have to?
Al: All right, that's all of the game news.
Kevin: We're tired of farmers in farming games, so let us replace it with this new game called the farmer
Al: We also have a new game, which is the farm.
Al: The farmer was replaced.
Kevin: game, which is a terrifying title, in my opinion.
Al: Programming optimizer drone to automate a farm
Al: and watch it do the work for you.
Al: Collect resources to unlock better technology
Al: and become the world's most efficient farmer in the world.
Al: Improve your problem solving and coding skills
Al: and Kevin!
Al: Did somebody just make a game for me?
Kevin: I think they did a holy miracle. I saw the premise. I didn't look at the thing, but all that is just coding. Wow. That's insane. I guess they did.
Al: I don't know what to say!
Kevin: It's not only is it like one of your favorite aspects automating and optimizing the farming, but it's actually your skill set.
Kevin: That is made directly for Al. That's incredible. Oh, man. Okay. It's all grid based and you're like farming everything. I do. This is wild. Oh, yeah. That's good. Yep. That's what I see.
Al: I am very intrigued by this game and I will definitely need to try it out. It is out now.
Al: I presume it's $10 based on what I'm seeing.
Al: It looks like it... wait, no, no, no, no. I think it did an early access. Yeah, so early access came
Al: out in February 2023 and it's 1.0 came out in October, so yeah.
Kevin: we missed it. Well there you go. We also know what was released last month. This game
Al: Yes, that's a good point. I missed that off the list, isn't it? Yeah, cool.
Kevin: code code and farm. That's our life. This game. That's fascinating. Are we here?
Al: There we go. All right, Kevin. Shall we talk about Animal Crossing, New Horizons,
Al: Switch to Edition and 3.0 update?
Kevin: Okay, okay far okay before anything else because you know, we're gonna go over this trailer and go
Kevin: Chronologically we're just gonna kind of frame by from talk about it, but if
Al: Maybe not frame by frame, but yeah.
Kevin: what you don't be at yeah, yeah
Kevin: But I like the the the prelude how the last update said that was gonna be the last update
Al: Yeah. Yeah, they don't mention this at all, right? But like, yeah, the last update, they were like,
Kevin: and
Al: this will be the last content update. And then it's now four years later, and they're obviously
Al: having trouble getting the new game done. So no, right. No. Okay. No, no, no. So here's, here's,
Kevin: So they went that welcome amiibo route good stall for time
Al: here's my theory. Here's my theory, Kevin. The next game is based on this game. Same engine,
Kevin: Yeah. Okay.
Al: same graphics. Different sounds.
Al: We'll see if I'm writing.
Al: And they have kept as close as possible to the code when they're building the new game.
Al: So they could just copy and paste these features back into this game.
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Sure, okay, so this is their alpha their beta. Yeah
Al: Give them self. Give them self more time.
Al: To get the new game out while giving us a bunch of stuff animal crossing wise.
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Okay, like what Pokemon does but they do it badly
Kevin: But yes, okay, I I get the logic. I buy it. Oh
Al: We'll see if I'm right or not.
Al: But that's this is my theory.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I can see that yeah, okay
Al: All right, so yeah, they are releasing a switch to edition and 3.0 update.
Al: Both of which are coming on the 15th of January next year.
Al: So this does not count as the for the update of the year in our game of the year episode this year.
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: No, but has it locked in for next year?
Kevin: Maybe.
Al: You know, we'll see, we'll see.
Al: as Kevin said we're gonna go through
Al: the video and just talk about the things as they come up in the video. So I guess it starts
Al: off with the Switch 2 edition. Obviously Kevin presumably you don't care about buying this
Kevin: which, sure, that makes sense.
Al: one. [laughs]
Kevin: I will not buy a Switch 2 for Animal Crossing Switch 2 edition.
Kevin: No, I would buy further games, but probably not this.
Kevin: Although, I don't think they talked about it on the video, or just mention it on the video,
Kevin: but $5 for the update.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: Hats off to them for that.
Al: Yeah, that's not mentioned in the update, but yeah, it turns out it's $5, which is not bad not bad
Kevin: Not the $30 breath of the wild update.
Kevin: of literally first switch game 30 bucks to play it again.
Kevin: And on your switch too, uh-huh.
Al: Right so their first thing is enhanced revolution, enhanced resolution from improved graphics
Kevin: which I did they even put in the work for that? Maybe not.
Al: Yeah, who knows who knows what you know
Al: I actually I actually think they did this the wrong way right what they did is they show you the switch to footage and then put the switch footage next to it
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: I think they should have done the other way around because I kind of looked at it when oh
Al: Let's see how this improves because I thought we were looking at the old footage and then it shows them
Al: Which footage next time I go oh, no
Al: Because it's not like it's looked that looks bad, but like you're still seeing it some individual pixels and I'm like
Al: Okay, it's gonna look nicer then. No, no, this is the switch to version
Al: Because it does look much better next to it and you know, they've zoomed in so you're not really like noticing this if you're doing it
Kevin: This is like the switch
Kevin: Screen shot is very very like it feels like it's on handheld mode because it's so bad like they try to
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it looks like you're seeing a 3DS to switch upgrade.
Kevin: What's the opposite of optimizing me it is worse as possible to show the difference kids
Kevin: It looks so much like a 3DS for
Kevin: So I think they stretched it little I think they tried to make it as bad as possible
Al: I love it. I love it. Yeah, yeah. So not not allowed to say about that. Good. Good high resins and great.
Kevin: Okay
Al: Joy can't do mouse controls.
Kevin: Okay, as someone who doesn't have a switch to have you ever use the mouse controls and anything ever
Al: No
Kevin: Okay, that's that's the answer. It's right
Al: but but
Al: But you know, I'm a handheld controller guy. I am not a sit at a table and play games kind of guy
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: So I'm realistically never gonna
Al: use mouse mode this was exactly why I was thinking when I was watching this is I'm not gonna do this right because yeah sure you can do it on your like sofa arm not gonna do that come on it's just annoying I get why they're doing this and I think that for some people it'll be really nice and when they shoot like they show you like you know grabbing a bunch of stuff and moving it all at once with the most mode it looks really nice but one I'm not gonna do that and two I would have to care about decorations to do that
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, there you go. That's exactly that's the the number one number two
Kevin: You know, just as a general thing
Kevin: Instead of doing like integrating into the joy chords or whatever. They should have just made and sold the different
Kevin: I think I would have preferred that just a separate mouse accessory
Kevin: Or you know ideally connect your own mouse, but but I did it
Al: You can yeah, you can use a USB mouse on your switch to
Kevin: You can't oh never mind. Oh
Kevin: Oh, no. That's much better than okay. Well, well either
Kevin: but like is it and at least for this decorating application, I'm not like, you know, I'm not freaking out about it. So okay, it's fine
Al: I definitely don't care. The other thing they show is using it for the art, the pixel art that you can do in the game.
Kevin: That that's a little better, you know what? That's fine
Al: Again, I get why people would do that. I'm not, I'm not doing that.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: Actually, give me, I can't remember whether it has touch screen support for that. That's why I would prefer for that.
Kevin: you're right you're super right about that um yeah that's I'm both I think it's cool and kind of
Al: All right, the megaphone, the weirdest feature.
Al: Um, it is, yeah, it is cool, but also I'm never going to use it.
Kevin: dumb so I don't know it's yeah that's correct
Al: So like, you buy this megaphone, it's an item in the game.
Al: And if you shout a villager's name at your console, then you, they'll shout back at you in the game and say, I'm over here.
Al: That's it. That's the entirety of this feature.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: Like two things, two things. One, what an over complicated way to find out where your characters are.
Al: just in general, even if there was
Al: another way to know, really overcomplicated way to do it. Two. Two. You can see them on the map.
Kevin: Yep, are you who needs map icons? Oh, wait there on the map. I don't remember that are they?
Al: They're on the map, I'm pretty sure.
Kevin: Oh, if they are well, that's hilarious. That's incredible. Oh
Kevin: Well, then in that case the only benefit is you you can just cuss out your neighbors finally
Kevin: Truthfully, they can hear yours.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's incredible. That's pointless. Oh, that's great. Yeah.
Al: So yeah, I double check so it shows you your list of villages at the left and when you go on to one of them
Al: It shows you where they are then
Al: I'm pretty sure that's how it works anyway. I I don't I
Al: Okay fine. I can see why this might be fun one or two times, but like it also feels so over complicated
Al: And the final Switch 2 edition feature is that.
Al: 12 player multiplayer game chat and the, you know, your camera floating heads thing.
Kevin: Which is
Kevin: Like
Kevin: 12 is so much like and
Al: Yes, 12 is so much, but also they all have to have Switch 2's.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's true. Oh my goodness, and like I
Al: So you have to have, you have to have 11 friends who have Switch 2's.
Al: And animal crossing.
Kevin: Just wish there was like
Kevin: The correct me if I'm wrong, it's been a while since I've played, but are there even
Kevin: to like newly fed many games, right? I just, because you know, and that's fine, the nature of the beast, that's always been that way. You know, Animal Crossing is primarily multiplayer has been primarily, hey, check out my stuff, or maybe I have different items in my shop, right? So, you know, like adding up to 12, it's cool, I don't know what the benefit is, and like you said, that's a lot of money to be spent to make that happen. But it's cool. And there's a lot of money to be spent to make that happen.
Kevin: but it's cool and there
Kevin: is the camera feature, look at each other's faces, I guess.
Kevin: The last thing I want is my case with people.
Al: All right, so that's a switch to addition. They've confirmed it's coming on the 15th of January.
Al: There will be obviously the upgrade in the eShop, which is $5, or you can buy the physical switch to
Al: addition, which will work like all the other switch to additions. It has the switch game and the upgrade,
Al: and you can plug it into either. Next, we have the 3.0 update, which gives us some stuff.
Al: So, first stop, it's for both switch and switch to, which is obviously nice.
Kevin: Which super nice because they could lock all this blind switch to work something or make it paid or something, but they didn't good for them
Al: They could. Yeah, well, that's the other thing. It's just an update. It's not a paid DLC. It's just a free update.
Kevin: Mm-hmm. It's free
Al: Coming the same day as the switch to addition, 15th of January. And the big feature
Al: is the resort hotel run by the Captain family.
Kevin: They're back, baby, and that's cool. I'm excited by that. I like cappin and his family. It did a little girl has grown up. That's the doorable. I love that.
Al: One thing I find really funny is they just like slap it on to the pier that captain has his bow on
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. That is pretty funny. The pier just stretched out.
Al: Okay
Al: fine
Al: I'm not sure I want a hotel like literally on the sea that feels dangerous to me
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, from the most part, like, I mean, that, this is the thing out in the real world.
Al: But I guess it is our pretty calm environment like I don't remember there being any storm
Kevin: There are, there are definitely hotels hanging over the ocean, but, yeah, you know, that's fine.
Kevin: I'm okay with it, but it's fine to be terrified.
Al: So the point of this feature, the hotel is, well, it's basically a happy home designer, right?
Kevin: That's understandable.
Kevin: it is it is just happy home designer yep yep and you can spend it yep like okay I'm not
Al: You go in and there's either like, oh, we want to decorate this room in this theme and you
Al: go and decorate the room and then you get some currency and then people move in for temporarily.
Kevin: wanting to complain about happy home designer because I love happy home designer but what is
Kevin: So odd to me, like, happy home designer was already at.
Kevin: In the game and the DLC, the paid one, but it's free now, which is cool.
Kevin: I'm just, uh, it's surprising me that I'd ever do that, but, but okay,
Kevin: how cool, make the thing you had behind paywall free and not like that.
Al: Yeah, it's all, I guess they kind of had to do it in this way where it was like a new version of it rather than just make the existing one free because they've obviously like sold it to lots of people and it would feel a little bit rubbish if you'd bought it and no, it's free.
Al: But yeah, interesting.
Kevin: Yep. Yep. Good.
Al: I, I'm probably not going to do this much. I might try it once and then get bored because as I've mentioned, I'm not a big fan of the decorations.
Al: the possibly
Al: I might do it a couple of times so I can get some of the rewards, yeah.
Kevin: the rewards and hey you know what like the well good it's a double-edged sword like for you it's a
Kevin: good thing the generally speaking unless they change it for this but happy home designer you can do
Kevin: you could just place like one thing call it a day maybe they'll have a list of like three items you
Kevin: have to put but you don't actually have to decorate the room so yeah but uh
Al: And and the rewards the amount of currency you get and how much they cost seems not bad like you see them getting 200 of these tokens and things are costing like between 10 and 50 so it sounds like you could get like a you know decent amount without doing a humongous amount of work.
Kevin: - Mm-hmm, yep.
Kevin: - Mm-hmm.
Al: Yeah, yes, yeah.
Kevin: - No.
Al: Yeah, that's a good point. So yeah, you can use a memo to summon villagers which I guess is cool because if you really care about some characters but you've already got your island fill you can interact with them in a different way rather than because obviously you could bring them to your campsite before but that feels presumably that that's just one night the campsite isn't it and they just kind of sit in the tent the whole time.
Kevin: yeah yeah yeah well can't they move from the camps I don't remember or can they do that to
Al: I don't think they can.
Kevin: DLC maybe they can't I just I genuinely don't remember
Al: I honestly don't think they can because I remember always going into the tent talk to them.
Al: Whereas they do hear, they go out and we see them talking to the villagers out and about.
Kevin: But you definitely could because wasn't that a big part of the initial release back when everyone was spending
Kevin: real world money on getting raim into whatever?
Al: what do you mean? Oh, move into your town. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But when they're wet,
Kevin: Like to move into your town, I'm talking about.
Kevin: Yes. Sorry. I wasn't clear. Yes.
Al: but you had, so what, what happened is you, you would summon them to the campsite
Al: and then you would go into the tent and you would talk to them and you'd have a random chance
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: of them agreeing to come and stay in your village, but they don't venture out of the tent while
Kevin: Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, yeah, you're right.
Al: they're there. I'm pretty sure correct me from wrong listeners, but I'm pretty sure they stay
Kevin: No, I believe you're right.
Al: in the 10th of the whole time. What is here, they are going out.
Al: the hotel and they are venturing around the island, which fuels much, we are going to talk about this later obviously, but one of the big problems that we have had with this game is that it fuels much less like people have agency and are doing things.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And the campsite felt like a big thing. Part of that, they would come and sit in their tent front of the day.
Al: whereas they're actually coming to this hotel and going around the island actually feels like their day
Al: on holiday, rather than just there because you want to see them.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's true.
Kevin: All right, it's true.
Kevin: OK, that's good, you're right.
Kevin: I wonder if that works for the special characters,
Kevin: like the shop keeps or whatever.
Kevin: I'm going to guess no, but it'd be interesting.
Al: there's also there's also special crafting that you can you can get so they will ask for specific
Kevin: OK, well, hey, that's it.
Kevin: That's the hotel.
Kevin: Well, not nearly.
Kevin: No, there's more.
Al: things and then it will give you a new crafting recipe I think is how it works
Al: or is it oh no it's not it's not it's yes yeah it's it's asking you to craft a certain
Kevin: It's for expanding the hotels, suppose it gives you tickets.
Al: number of an item and they'll give you the tickets so it means you can get the special stuff from
Al: tell without designing the rooms and I like that the other thing we note it the other thing
Kevin: There you go that is good that not way to get the stuff that you're right that is great
Al: I noticed or some people noticed and I saw their comments about it is that in this section they
Al: very quietly just mention sure on the UI that you've got multi crafting bulk crafting now wow
Kevin: Yeah, nope. Okay. Okay. Look, I'm this is a stretch
Al: There you go!
Kevin: I don't want to be a day to be down here, but it would be the most
Kevin: Nintendo slash animal crossing thing ever if you could only multi craft on the target items
Al: I would hate it.
Al: I can't or imagine, I can't, I can't imagine them actually.
Kevin: Love it just doesn't be wild
Kevin: Look you'd think but they have gone out of their way to do especially in this game
Kevin: To do some like just unfathomable nonsense. Well, I just not forget. This is the game where they introduced the feature to
Kevin: Just transfer, you know when you go to those islands on those random islands
Kevin: You could store stuff, but only at harves Island
Al: Kevin, I hate that you brought this into the world.
Al: So let's just assume that you're wrong
Al: and multi-crafting just exists.
Kevin: I'm not a man of festive. (laughs)
Kevin: Ah, I'm... okay. (laughs)
Al: Anyway, cool, you can do this.
Al: You can get the tickets without designing
Al: the building, the rooms.
Kevin: Ignoring me. Cool. (laughs)
Al: It's quite fine 'cause what it seems like
Al: Captain has like orders to deliver these things to people.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And so you go and you craft it
Al: and you're essentially giving them to Captain to go in
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, it's fun.
Al: deliver and you get some tokens.
Al: It's an exchange for that. It's a fun little additional thing.
Kevin: I like cabin. Yep, yep.
Kevin: storge almost doubled that that's a good that's a good one
Al: Yes, so yes, I agree with that, but here's my question. Why almost doubled?
Kevin: any animal causing game. [laughs]
Al: Why does it go from 5,000 to 9,000? Why?
Kevin: They didn't have the game doesn't have enough storage, don't you know, well?
Al: No, no, let's not do that. Let's not do that. That's not how these things work anymore, right?
Kevin: There's physically not enough bits in the switch to cart to handle, don't they?
Al: They would...
Al: That's not how this works.
Al: 9,000 is not a special number that they use some stupid way of storing how much they have
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: and that they can't do more than 9,000. That's not how this works.
Al: Just give us 10,000 already.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right.
Al: Or better yet, give us infinite.
Kevin: You're right.
Al: Theoretically infinite.
Kevin: You're right, actually.
Kevin: Yeah, but you're well.
Kevin: Let's not forget one of the earliest updates
Kevin: in New Horizons specifically.
Kevin: It was nerfing the turnip market in the single player
Kevin: [laughs]
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Al: But also, in storage, you can now store trees and shrubs and flowers.
Kevin: Plants?
Kevin: You know what? That's a great one. I like that.
Al: Yeah, but you're going to fill your entire storage with trees and shrubs and flowers.
Kevin: I guess, 'cause I mean, I don't see the introduced flowers dying, so that means infinite flowers keep popular things, so yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, especially with the next feature, which is
Al: Rosetti
Kevin: - Risk setting!
Al: Which by the way, I have only ever heard people call them Rosetti before I didn't realize it was
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Rosetti as in like reset, but that makes sense. I just like I heard them talk about it in the video
Al: So Rosetti I really like what they've done with him here he resets areas
Kevin: Yep. That.
Al: That's quite cool
Al: So you can basically say I would like you to clear an area
Al: The options you've got are
Al: I'll pick the area so you can like choose an area that he will take everything and put it into your storage
Al: You can say just the beach so you can be like oh
Al: That's a really nice feature. You can be like I'm bored of grabbing things from the beach every day
Kevin: Mm-hmm
Al: I'll just go get Rosetti to do instead or you can get the entire island. You can get recetti to reset your island
Kevin: Yep
Kevin: yep. Yep. Yeah. That's, it's pretty cool. Um, that extra 4000 storage can be good for
Al: and pick everything up and put it all in your storage, including fl--
Al: flowers. This is mad.
Kevin: this. It's good. Uh, that that is a great feature. Andrew said he like he hasn't been
Kevin: able to, you know, do his reset thing in a while. So good, good for, good for them for
Kevin: giving us in. Uh, my only small asterisk, I'm upset they, he's still nerfed. Um, he's not named
Kevin: angry boy. Um, I guess so, but it was really funny to see how mad he got. I liked the
Al: Well, no, I think this is nice to get to do something positive for one.
Al: also really nice is if you ask him to cover an idea that has flowers he will ask you whether
Al: he want you want to keep the flowers or get rid of them which might solve the infinite flower problem
Kevin: Oh my gosh you're right. Oh, I didn't think about that. That's good
Al: throw all my flowers in the bin please Rosetti
Kevin: Yeah, does dawn show up? Where are you dawn? He has a brother
Al: oh no anyway
Al: nice I love this I love this feature this is a great feature speaking of things that they're doing
Al: after i've already spent all the time to clear my island and do an interesting thing with my island
Al: they've added slumber island which is basically exactly it's creative mode I love that they've done
Kevin: Creative mode, it is
Al: this I also hate that they took so long to do this because how many times have I reset my island to
Al: to do something interesting and then I've been like,
Kevin: Yeah
Al: I want whereas I could have done it in the dream world, I could have done it with my slumber islands,
Al: I could have done them all at the same time because you get three save files which is fantastic.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: So two things about this just in general, one, this is their way of being able to give you multiple
Al: islands per switch, right? Very clever, right? Good idea. Go for it.
Kevin: No
Kevin: Well, I'll actually question about this because because maybe I'm a little into it, but can you build a house on this island?
Al: So, I don't think--
Al: You can run it like a normal island. It is essentially creative mode. You can build--there is a house. You can build buildings, but I don't know if you can live in that.
Kevin: Okay. Yeah, cuz
Kevin: No
Kevin: Enter and decorate it. Yeah
Al: Well, I think you can go in and decorate it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Can you you're okay? Let it I'll be watching the trailer by
Kevin: Okay, always go ahead can see talking.
Al: Because the whole point is it's creative mode, right? So, it's like do everything you can normally do in the island, but without limitations, right?
Al: It comes from a menu rather than having to craft them or buy them. So, I would be weird if you couldn't go in and design.
Kevin: I don't know cuz I I'm looking at this section like and I just don't see like them actually going inside a house
Al: I know that up at the house is there. Why would they have the house if you couldn't go in the house? What would be the point?
Kevin: I that's like I'm thinking it might just be decorative or the mental basically
Al: No. No, there's no way.
Kevin: I'm gonna say I don't see you going into a house. That's all I'm saying, but okay, we'll see
Al: I would be so shocked.
Kevin: like not even just a house like I think maybe you can introduce
Kevin: villagers and that might be a villagers house like you know neighbors they're the animals you have your house
Al: Sure, but you'd still be able to go in there.
Al: I don't think it matters, right?
Al: What is your house compared to other people's faces?
Kevin: well I mean you get bigger more rooms and you can decorate it or whatever right like we don't know
Al: Sure, but it's creative mode.
Al: You can just add more houses.
Kevin: okay all right we'll see we'll see uh
Al: You're right, there are still questions.
Al: You're right, absolutely right.
Al: Okay, yeah, so as you pointed out,
Al: you can bring your islanders, which is cool.
Al: I don't wanna think about the lore there.
Kevin: It's you're just dreaming about your neighbors that's all there you go
Al: Okay, sure, let's go with that.
Al: You can add, there are three different island sizes.
Al: It looks like the largest one is just the standard island size,
Al: I think, but it's hard to know from just what
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, it is, but that is kind of fun. Different. I don't know, that's pretty cool.
Al: What I really like as well is the co-op terraforming, right?
Al: So you can still invite your friends over to this island and they can all terraform.
Kevin: That's, you know what? You know what? That's actually, I talked to complain about like,
Kevin: you know, is there enough to do with the multivolt. This, this is which enough for 12 people.
Kevin: That that is a cool thing. And honestly, I'm kind of surprised like that. This feels like they
Kevin: they want an extra step.
Kevin: to have online co-op for creative mode.
Kevin: So that is cool.
Al: I mean, this just sounds madness, right? Like it sounds like chaos.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I know. I love it. It's great. I can't wait.
Al: The other thing as well, in this section we notice, there is sidestepping and back and forward
Al: stepping, which is mostly useful for terraforming, where, you know, how many times have you done
Kevin: Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup.
Al: the terraforming and you've like had to run backwards and then turn around and you accidentally
Al: face the wrong direction and you terraform the wrong bit, whereas this you can like just
Al: backstep and keep going.
Al: And I'm intrigued as to how like what the control is going to be, like how you're going to
Kevin: Look forward to the harvest season dream island adventure where Aubrey Os hops on and we we've been open island and and fight
Al: I love how like there are so many of these little features that they just kind of show in passing in the thing because they know they don't need to point out. They know that people will notice it.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, and it's cover because that way they don't have to admit they should it should have been there in the first place
Al: You know, the multi crafting and the side stepping and the most, you know, these sorts of things is very fun.
Al: Yeah, that's a good point, it's a good point.
Al: I'm intrigued to see what that that will be like fun.
Kevin: You know what else is fun?
Al: There's a few other things.
Kevin: Nintendo gaming is fun.
Al: Yeah, so we've got some collaborations and new start, new items. First stop.
Kevin: Finally, Nintendo cross animal crossing.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Yeah, well, they called this section collaboration, various collaborations, right? It's not me that made that up. You can, well, to be fair, they did originally, you could buy a switch.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: For you for your house, but you can now also buy a switch to a Famicom, a NAS, a Famicom disk system, a Gameboy, a Super Famicom and presumably more, but they don't show any more in the video.
Kevin: and maybe others
Kevin: Nope, oh my gosh
Al: I'd be surprised if they didn't have all the standard Nintendo consoles.
Kevin: Yes, okay, all right, you know hold that thought hold that thought
Al: Wait a minute, wait a way to wait a minute. Did you just notice why I noticed?
Kevin: Well, I don't know what you notice but
Kevin: Okay, let me say okay, first of all so it's not just the consoles you can actually play emulators on them, right?
Al: That's what I just noticed. How did I not, how did I not notice that till this moment that you can play, you can play some games from these consoles?
Kevin: You know, yeah, you didn't notice that. Oh my goodness. Oh
Kevin: Yes, which is not unheard of the original animal crossing had this feature
Al: Did it? There's, but what, okay, is it, you can play ice climber, you can play Doctor Mario?
Kevin: Yes
Kevin: The exact same thing you get the consoles and you can play the games
Kevin: Yeah, you can play a bunch of games
Kevin: Yeah, you could play Wario Woods or Wario. Oh, yeah, really it's something like you're worried as woods
Kevin: I think there was a bunch of games in the original animal crossing
Al: you think you'll have multiplayer for Dr. Murray.
Kevin: I don't know about that, but okay, but here's the thing
Kevin: All right, let's tie this together. Oh, what did we just say? We see we up to super family comment nothing after that, right?
Kevin: You just said and I agree they're gonna have all the standard consoles, right?
Al: No game by
Al: How far are they gonna go with with ma with games?
Kevin: What game
Kevin: What game are they gonna emulate on on the GameCube, Calvin or oh my god? I just called you Calvin my brother
Al: Oh no, I'm not Calvin, but yeah, and no they wouldn't surely they wouldn't
Kevin: This is discussion
Kevin: No, they wouldn't but I'm gonna put the idea. What if we could
Al: I'll be amazing
Kevin: Emulate the original animal crossing in our animal crossing
Al: Amazing
Kevin: That'd be incredible. It's not gonna happen. In fact, I don't think those games. I don't think the 64 will emulate like I think
Al: No
Al: No, I think you're right. I think I think oh just yeah, yeah, I don't think they'll go as far as that
Kevin: I think they'll be in there purely ornamental, but yeah, there's no one earth. We're gonna get a 64 game
Kevin: Emulating on this thing
Al: Yeah, I think it might just be the NES, maybe the SNES.
Al: I think it might even just be the NES though.
Kevin: We might get a game boy
Al: Maybe, but also like, a lot of Game by Games
Kevin: Something simple
Al: were just like NES games, but on handheld, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: I don't know.
Al: Look, if this is how we get Pokemon Red on Switch.
Kevin: This is the way
Al: I'm all for it.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: The 4.0 update includes connect connectivity to the Pokemon home
Al: you know that's where people would be asking for it as well
Kevin: Oh
Al: I want my Animal Crossing Charizard to be able to go into Pokemon Home
Kevin: My goodness
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: So there are certain online communities of of games like a more traditional games like I think Shogi is one of them
Kevin: Where they don't have like a de facto online simulator, whatever
Al: Ah. Okay. Yeah.
Kevin: So a lot of people actually default to Final Fantasy 14
Kevin: because Final Fantasy 14 has an arcade essentially section area
Kevin: With many games including like real games like Chewy and stuff like that
Kevin: And so there's there's like weird niche groups playing Final Fantasy 14 just to play the simulators and emulators
Al: [laughing]
Al: - Why am I not surprised?
Kevin: I want that to happen in animal crossing
Al: That's amazing.
Al: - Yeah, fantastic.
Al: All right, more collaborations.
Kevin: All right
Al: We've got Lego, Lego furniture.
Kevin: Lego!
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: So, when I heard Lego furniture, I just assumed I meant block furniture, like yeah, sure.
Al: No, Lego, yeah.
Kevin: But then I saw, like, no, that is Lego copyright R, not TM, but Lego brand.
Al: So, yeah.
Al: So, and I feel like this.
Al: So, this goes further than I think I first initially realized, right?
Al: So, there's some Lego clothes, there's things like a sofa, an a table, and a partition.
Kevin: a full room. There's a flower. That's pretty cool. There's a Lego. It's a world you
Al: There is also a bed, which is cool, and there's a DIY workbench.
Al: You can make a Lego workbench, and there's an arcade game.
Al: I wonder if that'll have it.
Al: Well, that have a game that you can play in it, like these new ones.
Kevin: never known now. Who knows? Oh, yeah.
Al: The game does show space invaders on the screen.
Al: I don't know, look, I wouldn't, at this point, I wouldn't bet against being able to play space invaders on the Lego arcade car.
Kevin: You know what? You're, you're right. You're not wrong. I wouldn't put a pass. I wouldn't be
Al: In fact, oh wait, no, oh no, I just realized what's going to happen.
Al: So, you know how they do this thing, where they have some furniture that has like, you know, eight different versions of it.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that'd be cool. Yeah. They are right. You're super right. And we already
Al: And though just every day it'll be a different one, there's going to be a whole load of these Lego arcade games
Kevin: see that there's at least one or two variants of the Lego furniture at least the pink and those
Al: the workbench looks really cool and I'm hoping it's like actual functional in the game like
Kevin: like a brown one. Yeah. You're right. Um, that'll be interesting to see.
Kevin: Oh, and for sure is, it has to be, it's the DS, DIY workbench, it looks like the other one, it's going to be fun.
Al: Yeah, well exactly. The partition is so funny because it's literally just some blocks of leg or
Kevin: I like the flower pot, like it's, you know, it's like an actual like Lego like one of the set you'd build. That's fun.
Al: Yeah
Kevin: Oh, the partition is funny.
Al: Yeah, these all look like things you could actually build with pieces. I'm pretty sure you could and I'm gonna
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, yeah, for sure.
Al: See you're gonna see people on doing it online. I'll be surprised if someone hasn't already done all these one
Kevin: Oh, yeah, it's a good point. All that'll be cool. That'll be cool to see.
Al: And then the clothes look pretty generic it generically Lego clothes, but wherever, you know each to their own
Kevin: Yeah, and then it's the slap the logo on. Well, each
Kevin: here's to my own. I like Zelda, and I like this breath a while and tears the kingdom and and now we put it in my animal crossing. So I like that.
Al: Yeah, it's very cool. So you've got again some furniture. You've got some essentially cosplay. You've got you can dress up as link or Zelda
Kevin: Yup, yup, here's the kingdom Zalva.
Kevin: The two, the two.
Al: And the furniture seems to be pretty
Al: You know
Al: Quite a lot of it and it's it's really nice looking. There's also
Kevin: one complaint is it's it's one of those sets that's not actually like a furniture set. There's not a bed. It's like, it's just decorative stuff, which isn't bad because you can use that on the outside. You can have, you know, you're broken down guardian outside. That's cool. But like, you know, it'd be nice to have a bed.
Al: It's just decoration stuff. Yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Al: There's also a wand, which is in the style of Zelda, and it makes the little interface that
Kevin: Yep, that's good. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that.
Al: comes up when you change your outfit. It makes it Zelda-e, which is very cool.
Al: You've got your gems and heart containers and stuff like that. Yeah.
Kevin: Rupies that flowers all the likes the master sword. Oh, all your stuff. It's all. Oh,
Al: It's very cool. But then you also have two new characters,
Kevin: the acarina's there.
Kevin: That school, I'm a little disappointed that we didn't get
Al: "Minera Antulin"
Kevin: on the other characters, like Epona and Ganon. But I'm not joking.
Al: So well, I mean, I know you're joking, but just to make a point, they had to they had to use characters that still use the like base model animal models, right?
Al: Like they couldn't get who was Ganon who was Ganon going to be what which of the standard villager types was he going to be.
Kevin: No, no, no, those dang.
Kevin: No, ow, ow, those characters were already a new leaf.
Al: Were they?
Kevin: Yes, they had Zelda cross silver characters.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I wasn't joking.
Kevin: They had Ganon was a pig.
Al: Are there even pigs in new horizons?
Kevin: Yes, yeah.
Al: Oh, I don't remember the pigs. Okay, fair enough.
Kevin: Yeah, they're pigs, yeah.
Kevin: No, the Epona wolf link, Ganon,
Kevin: I can't remember who else,
Kevin: but there were previous Zelda crossover characters
Kevin: And they're not returning.
Kevin: That's a Monero and Tulen are fun picks for the new ones.
Kevin: I'm not complaining about them, they look great, although Monero is even as little goggles
Kevin: on her head, but I do limit the loss of the other ones.
Al: And then we have Splatoon, which again has furniture and cosplay, and also brings CC and VJ, who are-
Kevin: Yeah, ma-
Kevin: Okay, so, well, CC and V each are actually returning characters.
Al: Oh, are they?
Kevin: They were also in new leaf, but they were cosplaying the squid sisters, the difference
Al: Okay.
Al: Yes. Yeah.
Kevin: between characters basically.
Kevin: This time they're, they're, I forget their name, the new one, the new band.
Al: Oh, I can't remember their names either, but-
Kevin: Oh, yeah, I can't wrap them in, but yeah, they're just, it's fun because their cosplayers
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: basically and now they're cosplaying the other, the new, the new idols.
Kevin: The furniture set is nice because there are...
Kevin: at least a sofa.
Kevin: I don't know if I see a bed, but there is a sofa and a tape where they might be a generic table.
Kevin: But there's a lot of furniture items, like clothes and stuff like that.
Kevin: Because they introduce shoes and hats from the Splatoon series, so there's a lot you can hang.
Kevin: The crab bot is pretty cool.
Kevin: The television looks nice.
Al: Yeah. Oh, nice. Nice. So I think that's pretty much it. That's, I mean, there's a lot of a lot
Kevin: I like it.
Kevin: There's a jukebox that I think.
Kevin: Squid jukebox.
Kevin: soon. Yeah.
Al: of extra content. I did see one thing where someone online was claiming that the crafting
Al: no use is your storage as well as what you have on you, but I've not actually seen any evidence
Kevin: Yeah, I heard that I
Al: of that, but that would be nice if that was the case.
Kevin: Don't
Kevin: Yeah, I'm I also forgot that they didn't add that in already. Yeah
Al: Yeah, well, yeah. Okay. So now that we've gone everything in detail, Kevin, what are your thoughts?
Kevin: I hate it. No. Okay. So. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. The update on that song, what it actually
Al: Well, well, okay. So I, I mean, I guess by that, I mean, it's not solving the core issues you have
Kevin: was presented. I think it's cool. It's all good stuff. I like happy on designer, so the hotel is
Kevin: nice. I like that bit. The crossover stuff on the sucker for that, I love it. The creative mode,
Kevin: I'm not as big on it.
Kevin: But it's a big sell for the game and a lot of people do like it, so I'd recognize that as a cool thing to add, especially like the multiplayer thing, that might be cool to do an island with your friends.
Kevin: So, you know, the update is good, but you're right, it doesn't add the things I want to solve or fix the game.
Kevin: Well, the fix says if they were broken, to change the game how I want it to be, let's say that. Right.
Kevin: Are the neighbors going to be...
Kevin: a little more interactive. I mean, maybe sometimes they add a lot of stealth updates and these things. So, you know, maybe there's more dialogue.
Al: Yeah, I mean, we already know that the stuff that they've not talked about, right?
Al: Like the about grafting and the strafing and stuff like that.
Kevin: Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. I agree.
Al: They didn't talk about it.
Al: They just showed it.
Al: So there's no way that there is other stuff that they've not talked about.
Al: I don't think it will be completely overhauling how the villages live and talk,
Kevin: No. No. If they at least add dialogue, I'd probably...
Kevin: I'd probably want a significant amount, but at least some dialogue, more dialogue options for the villagers. That would be nice.
Kevin: Yeah. Like, I mean, overall, like it's direction of the game, it's not going to change or whatever, so I'm still going to have issues.
Kevin: But we'll see. Like I said, what is actually here is nice. Is it going to fix the game for me? I don't know, probably not.
Kevin: Okay. So, one thing that's not clear to me, like some people say there are, but...
Kevin: And they're probably will, but I just haven't seen it highlighted. Are they going to be adding more base furniture, you know, just regular furniture, not the colab or the hotel stuff, right?
Kevin: And I say that because one of the other big issues I had with the game was a lot of the aesthetics of the game became a lot more grounded.
Kevin: Like, are you feeling out of the Robo Series, the, of furniture, the Robo Series furniture from previous? Okay.
Kevin: So, you don't hear, I'll send you a link or whatever, but in previous animal crossings, but my all-time favorite set of furniture in animal crossings is called the Robo Series.
Kevin: It's just a furniture series of, you know, bad and table and all that stuff, but they all look like little robots. They all have little faces and light up and it's very cute. I love it.
Kevin: My favorite set, and I think it represents what I like about Amazon.
Kevin: And I don't know what Carson said, some that are kind of over the top and just fun, but not very practical or realistic as furniture sets.
Kevin: And they kind of straight away from that in New Horizons.
Kevin: Could they add that back in maybe? And like I said, we just said there's stealth stuff, so maybe they'll add that in.
Kevin: That would be nice, but I'll just see if it happens.
Kevin: Yeah, so, you know, I'm still...
Kevin: I'm upset, I had to go back to this game, but I will do it, and I will enjoy some parts, like I said, I do like a beyond design, I'll enjoy the hotel.
Kevin: What about you, Al? Tell me your highlights.
Al: And yeah, I mean, I've always had a complicated relationship with this game and I'm never quite sure whether I like it or not, but I will say the creative mode gets me very excited.
Al: A lot of what I did in this game was like completely demolished my island and do something interesting like I made a water world, a water island, for example, it was basically like an atoll, right, it was just a tiny bit of land around the side.
Al: side. I find it fun to do that sort of stuff.
Al: And this just allows me to do more of that without kind of demolishing my main island without having to reset it every time.
Al: I'm guessing at some point you can like, you can just delete one and create a new one if you want rather than having to clean it all up.
Al: And again, recetti as well is a nice thing that I'm really looking forward to.
Al: Will I spend a lot more time in the game? I don't know. I kind of worry that maybe this came too late for me.
Al: I don't know, we'll see.
Al: I first of all need to figure out which switch my save files on.
Al: So that's a problem for me.
Kevin: oh man oh man I already saw some talk about that how do you transfer from
Kevin: switch one to switch to yeah wasn't it wasn't it already weird like that was
Al: Presumably, just the same way you'd transfer from one switch to another, the switch.
Kevin: different wasn't it like you had to have a separate like app or something okay
Al: It is, yes, it's weird, but it's easy.
Kevin: well hopefully it is just that but Nintendo being Nintendo I wouldn't be
Kevin: surprise if it's not.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I just need to figure out where it is because I have too many switches but yeah I think
Al: it's fun I'm gonna find it sometime in the next couple of weeks and kind of tidy up my
Kevin: I'm not. I'm just going to have resetty. You know what? That might be actually fine.
Kevin: And if I just start up and resetty, just do the thing. Just wipe it. Let's start over.
Al: I need to see what I need to at least see what state my island is in before I decide what to do, right?
Kevin: Ah, that's a good point. That's a good point.
Al: So yeah, I I agree with you
Al: It's not gonna solve some of the underlying issues that some people have with the game
Al: But that's not something that has ever been my issue with the game
Kevin: Yeah
Al: So, you know the stuff that I like about the game. It's improving
Kevin: It is it it is improving the game. Yeah, yeah
Al: And I'm gonna go buy all that Lego furniture
Kevin: I'm I'm all excited to see the the real the real people then all the people building the real Lego sets of that stuff
Kevin: I'd be cool
Al: Yeah. Correct. And you put the Lego sets and yeah, yeah, yeah, you could do that.
Kevin: Wait, can we get oh?
Kevin: There's a there is animal crossing leg go the other way
Kevin: What if we dig we just go full circle and just get sets of this furniture?
Kevin: Yeah, oh
Al: Because these are very simple sets as well. You could absolutely just
Kevin: They are oh
Kevin: That'd be good. They charge so much money for it, but it'd be good
Kevin: Why the leg is so expensive?
Kevin: Well, but because everything's imported at least for me. That's why
Kevin: Animal cross
Al: All right. Well, I think that's everything then. We will obviously talk about this when if we learn more and presumably
Kevin: Or when it comes out
Al: Yes, presumably some of us will be at least trying it out and maybe doing an episode of it after it comes out
Kevin: Got it got away out that's how it was free
Kevin: It's contemplating playing Animal Crossing new leaf again somebody in down back the body back one nice job
Al: I'm back in the building
Al: All right, well, thank you for joining me
Al: I think you'd like to share with the audience
Kevin: find me, look, I'm on Twitter unfortunately, but there's still some begging fan art on there,
Kevin: there's some really funny comics and stuff, especially with Z.A. Oh my gosh, there's so
Kevin: much good fan art. Okay, it's a really funny once. Yeah, so go, I'm on, I might go
Kevin: to press on whatever, if you want to find me. Go go check out the fan art, what about you?
Al: Follow the podcast on tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod.
Al: You can send us feedback on our website, harvest season.club where you can also find links
Al: to everything, including our patreon, where you can support the podcast and get access
Al: to our Slack and view everybody's Kevin thread because apparently that's what it's turned
Al: into when you when you have a thread when you have a thread.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That is I was it took me a minute to realize that's what it meant. Like, okay, but yeah, that's good. I, you know, I thought about it because like, I'm not the owner does that, but I thought of it, but I do it the most. There's no denying that. So you know what? Fine. Fine. I'll take it. Yes.
Al: So you talk about an episode that's never Kevin Fred.
Al: Look, there are, there are worse things to have named after yourself, you know?
Al: What also, I'm sure we'll have some more greenhouse episodes soon. I've just been busy.
Kevin: We have many weird ideas. We just have to sit down and record them because we're all tired.
Al: Yeah, I've, I've got quite the list.
Al: We still haven't done our Sonic 3 episode.
Al: Been out for so long.
Kevin: We haven't there needs to I mean the legends episode is inevitable right once you finished it and maybe some other people or me who's started it and I just joined it
Al: for so long.
Al: Yes, I suspect we me and Azeland, but you never know, you never know. We'll see. We'll see.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: All right, I think that's everything. Thank you Kevin again for joining me.
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening and until next time. Have a good harvest.
Kevin: You're good and hard to ask.
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Al McHenry with support from our patrons, including our
Kevin: Ooh.
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Al: have a good lego harvest, have a lego, have a have a crossing experience, have a do you arise
Kevin: it's Animal Crossing, you know, like, have a, have a new harvest. There you go.
Kevin: Her eye vest. No. Animal Crossing, a new harvest season. Don't go have that. Goodbye. Yep. Goodbye.
Al: her rise first, horizon, it really doesn't fit despite being starting with age still it just doesn't
Al: That was painful